Anti-Terrorist Hotline

Missing People
Rape Crisis

Childline
Crown Prosecution Service
Independent Police Complaints Commission
Helping to keep rail transport systems running
Helping to make the railway safer and more secure
Deliver value for money through continuous improvement
Promoting confidence in use of the railway.




inovators in police technology forfont of crime 

Our activities in combating
crime help reduce disruption to services and make the railway more
attractive and safer for passengers and staff.

effective and efficient 

preventing unnecessary cost without compromising our duties
to combat terrorist threats 

value for money 

BTP was established as the specialist and dedicated police force
for the railway

Continuously innovating the way we police in order to anticipate the
impact of new technologies and social change on creating a safer, more
secure and more reliable transport system

Keep transport systems running
• Reduce minutes lost to police-related disruption by at least 20% on
the 2012/13 outturn figure*
A safe and secure railway
• Reduce crime on the railway by at least 20% on the 2012/13 outturn
figure
Promote confidence in use of railway
• Increase passenger confidence with personal security on train and on
station by at least 10%**
Deliver value for money
• Achieve the targets above within a Medium Term Financial Plan with
annual cost increases within RPI


As a modern  CWU unit rep I have  to keep staff happy yet work with Management to keep efficiency targets without compromising safety or affecting quality of service.
I volunteered as I wanted to help improve efficiency and improve the working the duties for the staff.



I went to the Management said i'm not happy how things are being done. And said we need to work together to put things right.
We need a revision of duties as they are not equal which affects quality of service due to targets not being met. Staff were leaving due to uneven work balance.




Management  agreed that we need a revision and could do with the help.
I took on help from various members in restructuring everything from work duties, overtime resourcing of staff which will be implemented after Christmas.





A previous breakdown in relations where a them and us approach was used, rather than working together to solve problems.























